I won't come back.
I hope he's still feeling great.
But anyways if you not be grateful about it like I always say All right you've got your feet you got
your hands you got your eyes and you've got a computer right in front of you.
Feel happy.
But anyway on this lecture what we're going to be doing is adding some extra functionality to our CMS.
And what I really want to add is I want to go ahead and where we are on the home page if I click read
more I want to be able to go to that specific post and if I click on the picture I want to be able to
go to that specific polls.
Right now we don't have that functionality but we will in a minute.
So let's go the first thing that we've got to do is go to the internet stop BHP because that's where
our lupis right there is putting all this information in our button right there are pictures there too.
So let's go to the end it's and that's going to be inside the CMS folder.
And then it's all right here we see that button right here.
But we also got to get the image and we see the image right here the image right now doesn't have an
anchor tag around it so that's why we need to add this to the image first.
There's an anchor tag around there just to make it a link clickable link image.
And we're going to put it right around the image.
There we go.
Whoops.
I was trying to make it smaller so you could see it.
Well I see.
But I'm just so it's clear for you.
There we go.
All right.
So now that we have the anchor tag what I want to do is when I click on it I want to go to that specific
page.
Right so how are we going to do that.
Let's look at how we did the this link right here for the post.
Let's just actually copy this whole thing right.
So I mean we got the information right here.
So let's just copy this whole thing here right there and then just copy right here.
Now when we go back and we refresh on that we put on mouseover we can see that it turns into a hen or
something like that right.
And if we click on it takes us to that specific post.
We can make comments that we can do other things with it right.
Let's do the same thing for this link right here so I'm going to go back and right now the link is just
refresh the page.
So let's go back here to her in that speech and let's do the same thing for this anchor tag right here.
You see the remore right here on going to do.
And I still have it on my computer memory right now because I did a piece in the last time we did this
for the image and you're going to paste it right here.
Sent in again.
And if I go back to it refresh and click on this read more.
It's going to take me to that specific post.
All right.
So we had some really cool functionality to pose a mess and we are golden.
Right so anyway feel great about it is s.c are really good because they're going to keep going and going
and you're going to keep learning and learning.
I don't know how much you spend for the course but this is something that I will always update and I
will always keep adding more things and more things are always going to keep learning.
Do you have nothing to lose with me.
Believe me everything to gain.
Anyway it was a pleasure showing you and teaching you and I see you on the next lecture.
Take care